Modify S1199: Migrate to LayC - Nested code blocks should not be used (#3233)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1199/description.adoc

> Nested code blocks create a new scope where variables declared within are inaccessible from the outside and their lifespan ends with the block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nested code blocks create new scopes where variables declared within are inaccessible from the outside, and their lifespan ends with the block.
```

> Although this may appear beneficial, its usage within a function often suggests that the function is overloaded, thus it may violate the Single Responsibility Principle,

Reviewer: I suggest breaking up the sentence to make it more accessible to non-native speakers.
```suggestion
Although this may appear beneficial, their usage within a function often suggests that the function is overloaded. Thus, it may violate the Single Responsibility Principle,
```

and needs to be broken down into smaller functions.

> The presence of superfluous blocks that don't affect the control flow or create a new scope can be misleading and might suggest possible mistakes in the code.

Reviewer: I'd remove "superfluous" here too.

"or create a new scope" is inaccurate in C/C++/Java/C#. I would drop it from this common description and not include this file in JS.
